the charge of a comic corner that the person not qualified
the shortage tab
matters to us
each of the defense in the corner kick to deflect
with the crossing bruno left the goal was empty
impediment
gives a condition near the bottom line
but on the other hand the empty goal
0 for flamengo
at the first time s10
andré krieger everything I write says "Brazilian people"
party reason to withdraw
before dying in the premiere
if they see those yes
turkey culture
with that of the ronaldo angelim
the ansa agency
in this document
President makes of him now
anne car collaboration
edu against goalkeeper loss
it's a shame
he told me softly.
It went wrong staying here.
with the ball overturned
it is a very important moment everything goes from the 'bushism' cremer outside
It's lovely, man.
other direction of the couple's game and important support 3
in the minutes and after that he was happy with the santana park shopping maracanaú
enough
playing here will not
the report arguing
the game is getting tense traumatic pro-Flemish we spent 22 minutes
we passed the half of the second half and the goal did not go out the third goal what is
important that Flemish
off the gomes on the bottom line
got to play
at least four goals
the south palaia of the rodoanel squadron rodeios he was taken around the world
nobody believed went through the ball lawn
the bottom line was the proof plus the dribble
a house where he touched as 15 entered the area and hit the corner at the top
goalkeeper bruno doing a goal that in the maracanã the bald five killed the game
at 22 of the second half
all the same again andré krieger here
very meritorious and look for those a goal
now can not pass by Moorish Leo because detained by a militant first
period and then by deic in this way very strong marking
impression that I have is that nobody believed that the player wants same year
by decision thrown from them plus six marking the Flemish we spoke
here is the decision of Brazil and does not pass trust in the day of the crime what more
forward petkovic time came back saying that the agency
Now all you have to do is cross
claimed the position in the sector
the aoc that the third goal of flamengo to the 30 minutes that missing fan here
in the maracana
edno comes the pair of zaga of flamengo that conquered the Brazilian hexacampeonato
last year at maracanã
making the goals ronaldo angelim already did now what it is that makes a deputy
remaining fault
the local school
but the bruno was not the golden lion crossing
rose from detainees anna calvi report released in May
according to their calculations
Saved
so that the game between flamengo and caracas if the autarch
the police entered the game
cláudio match the flamengo will have to depend on other results tomorrow
to try to qualify for the eighth-finals of the liberators